Planning initiatives must be based upon a structured and principled determination of the needs of client communities. A key task of the planning process is to identify the major legal and justice-system-related issues confronting low-income people and communities in the state and to develop the best possible methods and mechanisms to address them. Some states have used a thorough client needs study or report as a basis for their planning efforts. Involving a broad-based group of stakeholders in the design, supervision, or administration of the study or report has helped to ensure that partners are fully invested in its findings and the implementation of proposed solutions. In different states, the study or report has been initiated or overseen variously by the courts, the legislature, the state bar association, or an officially chartered commission or similar entity. Leadership is key. The states that have made progress toward building justice communities have all had leaders willing and able to see the need for change, unafraid of taking a statewide perspective, eager to put the needs of clients first, to accept responsibility for meeting those needs, and to "keep their eyes on the prize," that is on the core values and vision on which the process and its initiatives are based. Moreover, these leaders have successfully defined a series of goals and objectives that are founded in the community's belief in equal access to justice and they have been adept at communicating their goals to others. Planning and implementation require staffing and support. Planning processes are complicated. Ongoing coordination and support for them are essential. Permanent change will occur within and among our state communities of justice only if participating organizations adopt new structures and approaches that can cope with a growing demand for flexibility and diverse high quality legal services. Many states have found that involving an experienced planning consultant in the initial phases of launching a process and developing a plan can be valuable, particularly where difficult issues involving institutional relationships are present. Central coordination and support of an ongoing planning process and implementation of its various initiatives can be provided by "access to justice" staff at the state bar or bar foundation, IOLTA staff, legal services state support staff, or staff working directly for a statewide commission or task force. Building a state justice community is demanding and involves real costs. The planning processes under way across the country have required a tremendous expenditure of time and energy, as well as actual out-of-pocket costs for staff, planning consultants, and other expenses. LSC has been able to provide some financial support for these activities, but because of our limited discretionary spending, our capacity to contribute is limited. All of the partners that make up state justice communities must understand and accept the need for an ongoing commitment to contribute their time and energy to these efforts and that those with funding capacity must bear a share of the costs. This investment, while significant, will be far outweighed by the pay-off in terms of increased access and expanded services for low-income people and the intangible benefit that realizing the ideal of equal justice for all Americans. If a state is going to successfully create a state justice community, someone has to be responsible for it. In other words, state planning can not be left to take care of itself. Someone (an individual person or group of persons) must advocate for change, must be willing to do the work necessary to secure the change, and must be committed to doing what it takes to make the change permanent. The creation of state justice communities will be successful only if there is encouragement and legitimization of constructive dissatisfaction. On-going evaluation of progress is important. Openness, candor and frank feedback are essential.  State planning will fail unless there is acceptance of and encouragement for the risks inherent in experimentation and innovation. Innovation in processes, structures and approaches must be encouraged--even when they don't work out. People should be encouraged to explore innovative, creative or experimental approaches to the delivery of legal services.  The successful state planning initiative requires open communication. Planning that results in permanent change will occur most readily and effectively where collaboration and team building is rewarded and infighting and/or turf-protecting activities are shunned. And no one can be cut out of the process. State planning fails when groups of stakeholders feel ignored, marginalized or unimportant.  Obstacles and setbacks must be anticipated. Changing a delivery system that has been in place for a quarter of a century is difficult. It will take longer than you anticipate. Skeptics will try to derail it. There will be failures along the way, and the personal costs for some stakeholders cannot be overestimated. Don't expect the path forward to be smooth but don't let the obstacles overwhelm you.  In the end a state planning initiative takes time, a commitment to forego issues of turf and personal interests, and a supportive reward system. The creation of state justice communities does not happen overnight, and it does not happen without some personal pain (long-time legal services staff have seen their jobs change in front of their eyes). 