Football is fun to watch and keeps the viewers at the end of their seats as the game is filled with emotion and passion. Football is a team sport played on a rectangular field with goalposts on each end. The aim is to put the ball inside the opposition net. The team with the maximum goals wins the game. The first rules and regulation of football were chalked in England during the late 19th century. Since then the game has evolved. The playing style became much more complex, and more rules were added to keep pace with the game. Today, football is the most-watched sport on the planet. A total of 11 players on each side play the match. Each team has a goalkeeper who is allowed to touch the ball using hands or arms. The goalkeeper is the last line of defence, and his responsibility is to protect the goal and help in building attacks. The modern game of football consists of attackers, who spearhead the entire team, the midfielders, who are the core of the team and act as the link between the forwards and defenders. The defenders, protect the goal and defend against opposition attacks. With time, different formation, strategies, tactics, and techniques came up, that have made the game more fun and interesting. It is the responsibility of the coach/manager to manage the entire squad. During a game of 90 minutes, played in two halves each, the coach is allowed to make three substitutions. A total of four referees look over the entire proceeding, which includes one referee, two linesmen and a fourth official. It is the responsibility of the referees to ensure a smooth flow of the game and the decision of the referee is the final verdict in any case. Football is loved all the globe because of the passion and grit with which the players play the game. It is not an easy task to play the game of football for a total of 90 minutes. It requires a lot of stamina and world-class ball control and mastery. It also requires a good game sense to be able to perform well on the pitch. Football is a game of passion, perseverance, skill, stamina and teamwork. The aim is to score most goals by putting the ball into the opposition net. Since the beginning of the game in the late 19th century in England, there have been significant improvements in the game. The level at which football is played professionally is very high, and only a few select make it to that level. Only the cream of the cream gets the opportunity to represent their country at the international level. A total of 22 players, 11 on each side play the game for 90 minutes, divided into two halves of 45 minutes each. Players get a short break after the first half to replenish their energies and review strategies. A total of 3 substitutions are allowed to each team, and it is the decision of Coach or Manager to make this substitution or not. The modern game football consists of a lot of strategies, formations and tactics. The coach uses these to put their team in control of the game. The squad consists of attackers, midfielders and defenders. Professional footballers are extremely dedicated athletes who begin playing football in their early childhood and are scouted by big clubs who train them at their world-class facilities. The players require mastery of the ball and a brilliant footballing mind to be able to perform at the world stage. These are no easy skill and require years of constant dedication and practice. Some of the footballing greats of the past are Pele, Maradona, Johan Cryuff and Ronaldinho. The present footballing era is controlled by two greats of the game, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. There are often many heated debates as to who is better, but the one thing that is certain is that both of them are professional athletes with great desire and discipline. The biggest international tournament is the FIFA World Cup, which is held every four years. A total of 32 countries take part in the final event who qualify for it. At the end of the competition, only one team is crowned the World Champion. The 2018 edition of the World Cup saw France lift the world cup under Coach Didier Deschamps. With the likes of Antoine Griezmann, Paul Pogba, Kylian Mbappe, Hugo Lloris, Raphael Varane, Olivier Giroud and Ngolo Kante, France was being termed as the favourites to win the competition. Other than the World Cup, football fans all over the world are crazy for one more tournament, The UEFA Champions League which features top clubs across Europe, one of the most famous footballing continent. The winners of this competition are crowned the Champions of Europe. The game of football is played over a period of 90 minutes divided into two halves. It is filled with passion and grit and is a test of concentration, skill, teamwork and heart. It is the most followed and watched sport on the planet. The game is people’s sport which is a fun outdoor activity as well. Football requires no special equipment but just a ball and a couple of people to enjoy it with. The simplicity of the game is the sole reason why the game is so popular. You don’t need dedicated fields or world-class stadiums to enjoy the game of football. The UEFA Champions League (abbreviated as UCL) is an annual club football competition organised by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) and contested by top-division European clubs, deciding the competition winners through a group and knockout format. It is one of the most prestigious football tournaments in the world and the most prestigious club competition in European football, played by the national league champions (and, for some nations, one or more runners-up) of their national associations. Introduced in 1955 as the Coupe des Clubs Champions Europeens (French for European Champion Clubs' Cup), and commonly known as the European Cup, it was initially a straight knockout tournament open only to the champions of Europe's domestic leagues, with its winner reckoned as the European club champion. The competition took on its current name in 1992, adding a round-robin group stage in 1991 and allowing multiple entrants from certain countries since 1997. It has since been expanded, and while most of Europe's national leagues can still only enter their champion, the strongest leagues now provide up to four teams. Clubs that finish next-in-line in their national league, having not qualified for the Champions League, are eligible for the second-tier UEFA Europa League competition, and from 2021, teams not eligible for the UEFA Europa League will qualify for a new third-tier competition called the UEFA Europa Conference League.