Football is a famous team sport where the aim is to score a goal by putting the ball inside the opposition net. The game is played in two halves of 45 minutes each. The game is filled with thrill and nerves. The players have to be in top shape on the matchday and have exquisite control over the ball. Mastering the control of the ball requires years of hard work and training, and many professional players began early in their childhood and then have gone on to become masters of their craft. The A total of 22 players, 11 on each side play football without the sue of hands or arms. Only the goalkeeper whose responsibility is to protect the goal is allowed to handle the ball using his hands. The game of the football due to its simplicity and minimal requirements is the most popular game around the world. The modern game of football is believed to be invented in England, and therefore all the basic rules and regulations of the game came from there. Today football is the most-watched and followed sport on the planet. Almost every country plays the game of football at an international level. The regulatory authority for football is FIFA. The FIFA World Cup is the most coveted international tournament which takes place every four years. Apart from international matches, football is more commonly played and followed at the club level. Each country has its own domestic league where numerous clubs compete for the domestic league title. The most-awaited event is the UEFA Champions League where the top clubs from Europe compete against each other. Football is the most popular sport on the planet with almost every country playing it. The total viewership of the 2018 FIFA world cup worldwide was at 3.57 billion. The popularity of football is owing to its simplicity and the requirements of nothing more than a football. It can be played at almost any street, road, park, playground or stadium. The duration of one football match is 90 minutes divided into two halves of 45 minutes each. A total of 11 players on both sides play the game to put the football into the opposition’s net. The basic rule is not to handle the ball using arms or hands. Players can use any part of the body except arms or hands to play the game. Only the goalkeeper is allowed to touch the ball using hands. The goalkeeper is the last line of defence whose sole responsibility is to not let the ball into his net. The modern game of football is governed by formations and strategies to gain an advantage over the opposition. Basically, the team is made up of attack, midfield and defence. The game is a test of stamina, skill and above all teamwork. The aim is to score as many goals as possible. The team who scored the most goals at the end of regulation time is the winner. The game is fun to watch and keeps the viewers at the end of their seats as the game is filled with emotion and passion. Essay on Football | Football Essay for Students and Children in English February 9, 2021 by Prasanna Essay on Football: Football is a famous team sport where the aim is to score a goal by putting the ball inside the opposition net. The game is played in two halves of 45 minutes each. The game is filled with thrill and nerves. The players have to be in top shape on the matchday and have exquisite control over the ball. Mastering the control of the ball requires years of hard work and training, and many professional players began early in their childhood and then have gone on to become masters of their craft. The A total of 22 players, 11 on each side play football without the sue of hands or arms. Only the goalkeeper whose responsibility is to protect the goal is allowed to handle the ball using his hands. The game of the football due to its simplicity and minimal requirements is the most popular game around the world. The modern game of football is believed to be invented in England, and therefore all the basic rules and regulations of the game came from there. Today football is the most-watched and followed sport on the planet. Almost every country plays the game of football at an international level. The regulatory authority for football is FIFA. The FIFA World Cup is the most coveted international tournament which takes place every four years. Apart from international matches, football is more commonly played and followed at the club level. Each country has its own domestic league where numerous clubs compete for the domestic league title. The most-awaited event is the UEFA Champions League where the top clubs from Europe compete against each other. You can also find more Essay Writing articles on events, persons, sports, technology and many more. Short Essay on Football 150 Words in English Short Essay on Football is usually given to classes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Football is the most popular sport on the planet with almost every country playing it. The total viewership of the 2018 FIFA world cup worldwide was at 3.57 billion. The popularity of football is owing to its simplicity and the requirements of nothing more than a football. It can be played at almost any street, road, park, playground or stadium. The duration of one football match is 90 minutes divided into two halves of 45 minutes each. A total of 11 players on both sides play the game to put the football into the opposition’s net. The basic rule is not to handle the ball using arms or hands. Players can use any part of the body except arms or hands to play the game. Only the goalkeeper is allowed to touch the ball using hands. The goalkeeper is the last line of defence whose sole responsibility is to not let the ball into his net. The modern game of football is governed by formations and strategies to gain an advantage over the opposition. Basically, the team is made up of attack, midfield and defence. The game is a test of stamina, skill and above all teamwork. The aim is to score as many goals as possible. The team who scored the most goals at the end of regulation time is the winner. 