America is a beautiful place. America is composed of gorgeous landscapes and many diverse people. People who come to this land to seek happiness which they cannot find anywhere else or the right to say what they wish. From free speech to demonstrating on the white house lawn, if the citizens of this country don't like what's going on in our government they have a right to say so. Of any one person who shows us what the American dream can be its Martin Luther King, Jr. He wrote a speech that was read in Washington D.C. It is probably the most famous speech in American history. The "I Have a Dream" speech was written to motivate and educate Americans during the civil rights movement. Dr. King believed America had great potential. America was slow at allowing equal rights to ALL Americans and he felt that could change. Dr. King wrote, "Our Republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution... They were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir... it is obvious today that America has defaulted on this note... a check which has come back marked "insufficient funds." (King) He says America wasn't holding there part of the bargain and he is correct. Today I believe were better off but still have a long road ahead. Kings speech reverberated change. He said that it is now the time for a better life for all people. He says, "Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. Now is the rime to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood" (King) He believed change was possible and the only way it could be achieved was by working together. Many people in America believe that being the same in every way is the answer to many problems in American society.  Government is the institution through which society makes and enforces its public policies. It is the agency through which the state exerts its will and works to accomplish its goals. Government consists of the machinery and the personnel by which the state is ruled. The type of government we have in the United States of America is a democracy.A democracy can be defined as a system of government in which supreme authority rests with the people. With this system of rule, the individual has a lot of power. The 1st,4th,and 14th Amendments attempt to uphold the sentiments of The United States Declaration of The 1st and 14th Amendments' protections of free speech and a free press serve two fundamentally important purposes. One is to guarantee to each person a right to free expression- in a spoken and the written word, and by all other means of communication, as well. The other important purpose is to ensure to all persons a full, wide-ranging discussion of public affairs. This means that the 1st and 14th Amendments give all people the right to have their say and to hear what others have to say. Though the 1st and 14th Amendments guarantee freedom of freedom and expression, no person has unbridled right of free speech or free press. Many reasonable restrictions can be placed on those rights. No person has the right to libel or slander another. Libel is the false and malicious use of printed words; slander is such use of spoken words. Similarly, the law prohibits the use of obscene words, the printing and distributing of obscene materials, and false advertising. These Amendments protect the rights of an individual, though there are some slight Another Amendment that attempts to uphold the sentiments of The United States Declaration of Independence is the 4th Amendment. I am a 19-year-old male, born and raised in support of our national government. My resent interest in the way our great nation is governed began in the classroom. I found my American Government class to be quite interesting and the Bush and Clinton scandals only increased my interest in American politics. Ever since, I have a strong belief in our government and will support it throughout my life. I always keep up with the events in Washington and follow today's issues very closely. Since the war began, MSNBC has been on in my room. I am a proud American citizen and would choose no other country to be from. I come from a home where we keep the flag present and raised to remind us of the people that gave their lives for us. Freedom is not something to be overlooked; our independence should not be taken for granted; and our government should continue making this land the great nation it is.  I believe in our American politics, our science and art of government. I believe that government is necessary. Born as an American, individual rights are given at birth to guarantee life, liberty, and happiness. We can express individualism. America offers equality to all citizens. I feel that, without government, there would be total chaos among the population. It would be like the old West, where law and order barely existed. People would go around killing and stealing, never worrying about any consequences for their actions. People would solve their problems with guns and knives, having public shootouts where criminals and innocent alike would be gunned down in violent disarray. This is not what the people really wanted. Another example is Iraq, once the government fell, there was mass chaos. People where looting banks and stores, stealing anything they could. This is because of the fact that there was no government. Once law and order is established people will be safer and happier.