I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others than at Easter. This special season reminds us that God's mercy is available to each of us --regardless of who we are or what we we've done. In the same way, The Salvation Army offers grace and compassion to those in need in our community --regardless of the difficulties they may be facing. You've been so generous with your giving in the past, and we are grateful. Your additional gift today will enable us to provide food and clothing for physical needs... emergency assistance during times of crisis... spiritual guidance and encouragement... and much more. "Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound..." These words ring true in the hearts and lives of changed people here at The Salvation Army. And just as the writer of this beautiful hymn celebrates God's grace, so do we. On behalf of all the men, women and children in Central Indiana who will benefit from your kindness, thank you. May you experience God's grace this Easter season and throughout the year. Blessings, Lt. Colonel DIVISIONAL COMMANDER P.S. Please send your gift today. So many people need our assistance. In appreciation of your generosity, I've enclosed a special bookmark printed with John Newton's familiar hymn, "Amazing Grace."  Name organization (if applicable) Address City, State Zip Dear Salutation: Who helps United way help ten-year-old Cindy learn responsibility and self-esteem at an overnight camp? Or who helps Randy break a cycle of violence and become a better dad? Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to become self-sufficient? Or who helps Michael, who has spina bifida, learn to talk, dress himself, and get around independently? Without you. no one. And we need your help this year to make sure these services are there for you, your family, friends and neighbors in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Marion and Morgan counties. I am writing you in the hope of getting your support for this year's United Way campaign. The funds raised by the campaign support a family of 83 health and human service agencies that provide services like family counseling, care for abused children, scouting and youth programs, job training, disaster relief and much, much more. Your generous support is very important. Here are just some of the ways your gift can touch lives right here in central Indiana: A gift of $25 could mean five friendly visits to a homebound elderly person. A gift of $50 could mean one day of shelter for a victim of domestic violence and her children. A gift of $100 could mean two days of overnight camping for an underprivileged child. A gift of $200 could mean six days of shelter and meals for a homeless person. United Way touches the lives of more than 3,100 central Indiana people every day, 365 days a year, because people like you are generous. Here are some quotes from people whose lives were touched by United Way agencies last year: "After losing my job due to downsizing, I lost my home, my car and nearly everything I owned. You arranged for my daughter to see a doctor and to have her medications renewed. Children's Bureau provided bus tickets for me to go to interviews. You treated me with dignity and made me and my child feel there was hope for the future." -- Karen "My Big Brother acts like a friend, but since he's an adult I get to make use of all his experience. We do fun stuff that we both like. No matter what we do that day, I always seem to learn an important lesson." -- Matthew "If it were not for the services they provide us, the older persons would not be able to get around to do our business, such as visits to doctors, grocery and drug stores." -Daniel Who helps these people? Without you. no one. When you give to United Way, you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home. Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA. Last year, you gave us a contribution of $xx, for which we, and the people you helped, are grateful. Please find it in your heart to renew your pledge or, if possible, increase it. Just check the appropriate box on the enclosed pledge card and return it in the reply envelope. Thank you in advance for touching a life and helping to make our community a better place to live, work and prosper. Sincerely, Stephen A. Stitle 1996 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair P.S. United Way's ultimate success comes down to individuals like you and me and how we respond to human need. We must all do our share! Please support our 1996 United Way campaign.  September 20, 1994 John E Prospect 1 Main St. Indianapolis, IN 46200 Dear Mr. Prospect: You can help more than 200,000 people with just one gift. And your gift is needed now more than ever. Your one gift to United Way of Central Indiana supports 82 human service agencies that help people right here in central Indiana. Only if you contribute this year can these agencies continue to provide programs and services that: Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect, answer crisis hotlines, prevent family violence & counsel the mentally ill; Invest In Our Children -- Provide child care, scouting & youth programs, foster care & adoption as well as mentoring & counseling for teen parents; Serve The Elderly And Disabled -- Provide meals & visits to the homebound, as well as speech, hearing & physical therapy for people with disabilities; Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation; Promote Health And Well-Being -- Administer immunization programs provide drug & alcohol treatment, screening for cancer, heart disease & other conditions and provide health education & home nursing care. Odds are that you, a family member, friend, or neighbor may already be benefiting from the services of one of United Way's family of agencies listed at the left.(see hard copy). EACH YEAR, UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA AGENCIES HELP MORE THAN 200,000 PEOPLE in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Marion, and Morgan counties. Your gift matters to all kinds of people. People like Michael, who lived as a homeless person on the banks of the White River until he was helped by Horizon House. Gifts to United Way helped provide shelter, medical care, counseling and job placement to end his homelessness. People like four-year-old Levi, who was born with spina bifida and unable to walk or talk until he received therapy at Crossroads Rehabilitation Center. Now he gets around, talks, and even attends a public preschool. People like 74-year-old Margaret, who keeps active by playing bridge and taking classes in Spanish, aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place. People like Gloria, who was able to beat breast cancer thanks to the mammography early detection program at the Little Red Door Cancer Agency. People like Sophronia, who was abused by her former husband before she and her children received shelter and counseling from The Julian Center. ALL OF THESE PEOPLE RECEIVED MUCH-NEEDED HELP, BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU GAVE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA. Your gift, no matter what the size, can benefit the lives of people here in our community. Here are just some of the services your gift can buy: $5.81 provides a hot, nutritious meal for a person aged 60+. $23.32 provides two visits by a trained home health aide to an elderly homebound person. $69.70 provides 10 hours of vocational evaluation & training for an unemployed person aged 16 or over. $90.58 provides the cost for one boy or girl to participate in scouting activities for a year. $146.50 provides 10 hours of services to a child aged 3-5 to help her or him overcome a learning disability. YOU CAN HELP SUPPORT THESE AND OTHER NEEDED SERVICES HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA. Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever. Please consider giving a gift of $__ to help your friends and neighbors here in central Indiana who benefit from United Way's family of agencies. Just fill out the enclosed pledge card and send it with your check in the return envelope right away. Any gift you can send is appreciated and will be put to good use helping people who really need help right here in central Indiana. Thank you in advance for your generous support. Sincerely, Sallie W. Rowland 1994 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair P.S. YOUR TAX-DEDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTION WILL BE USED EFFICIENTLY. 90 cents of every dollar you donate go directly to programs and services that help your neighbors here in central Indiana.   August 25, 1995 Name Address City, ST Zip Dear Mr. Business Owner: Community needs are everyone's business. How a community pulls together to help those in need defines that community as a good place to live, a good place to raise a family, and a good place to do business. In our community, there is a partnership that pulls together every year to meet urgent needs, and helps ensure that central Indiana continues to be a good place to live, work and do business - the partnership between businesses like yours, United Way of Central Indiana, and its family of 82 human service agencies. I am writing to ask you, as a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.