That's when she thought about The Salvation Army's camping program. She remembered reading how kids from the Indiana cities spend a week every summer at Hidden Falls Camp. They spend most of their time outdoors, playing games with new friends, discovering flowers they've never seen, and creating treasures from sticks, rocks and leaves. Here, kids get their fill of good food, love and attention -- things many of them get too little of at home. With her note, she enclosed a check for $230 to send one child to camp this summer. She'd never given that much money before. But she was convinced it would make a difference.  It's hard to explain exactly how camp can change a child's heart. But I know it does. Kids probably wonder what God looks like. If I could speak to them, I would tell them they can see a great deal of God in the trees and stars and streams that He created. When they're running with the wind in their faces and the sun on their backs... or stepping barefoot onto cool, green grass... they would begin to understand what I mean. I'm telling you all this because perhaps you, too, are asking questions -- why one child takes the life of another... why children feel so empty inside that they turn to drugs to fill the void... why they have so little self-worth that they value the friendship of thieves and killers. And perhaps you're also asking, "What can I do?" I don't have all the answers. But I am certain of this: You can make a difference in one child's life by sending a gift to The Salvation Army's camping program. It costs approximately $230 to send one boy or girl from Central Indiana to camp for a week. That may sound like a lot. However, when you consider transportation, food, lodging, crafts, sports, counseling and much more, you realize it covers a lot (and equals what you might pay for a night or two of lodging at a hotel). If you can't sponsor a child for a whole week, perhaps you can send enough for half a week -- or even just one day. Your contribution may also be used to support our year-round programs for children. You see, camp is only the first step. Through the year, we also offer a number of different programs -- including scouting, basketball and after-school activities -- to help children develop talents, character and self-esteem. Please prayerfully consider how much you can give... and give just a little more. I guarantee you'll feel good knowing you've helped us touch a heart. Perhaps you'll even save a life. At the very least, you'll give one child the chance to see God's face, and feel His love. Often, that's all it takes to change a life. Blessings, Jack C Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER P.S. The list of children who want to attend camp this year grows longer every day, and it's important that we send every one of them. With your help, no child will be disappointed. Please send your most generous gift today.  The Salvation Army 3100 N. Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN 46208-4718 April 1, 1999 Dear Friend, If The Salvation Army's Red Shield could talk, it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed... a single mother purchase eyeglasses for her first-grade daughter... or an elderly widow find the strength to face life on her own... I enjoy sharing these small victories with you through my letters. After all, your generosity makes them possible. I know that from my desk at The Salvation Army, I have a unique perspective, and I want you to know without a doubt that we are meeting needs -- one person at a time, every day ... all year round. And the scope of The Salvation Army's services extends far beyond this community. It blankets the country. It covers the globe. That's why I believe it's important for you to hear what people outside of our ministry are saying about The Salvation Army. Over the years, a number of well-respected individuals have spoken out on behalf of our mission ... our service ... and our stewardship. By endorsing The Salvation Army as a whole, they're supporting our efforts here at home, as well. I've enclosed a few of the excerpts I keep close at hand. After you read them, I hope you'll feel even more confident about the role you play in helping us help others. I hope your organization, too, will continue its endorsement of The Salvation Army. Your gift today of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help keep our Red Shield a strong, reputable symbol of hope -- for those we assist, as well as for those who are watching! Blessings, Jack C. Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER P.S. Your gift to The Salvation Army will be used right here in Central Indiana.   June 21, 1999 Dear Mrs. Name, Ted is a single father with three children under 10. He's never been on welfare and he's always had a job doing manual labor. Life isn't easy for Ted, but he's determined to raise his children himself and be a good role model for them. It wasn't always like that. There was a time when he felt like he had no choice but to tolerate his wife's constant abuse and neglect of their children. Then Ted decided the children deserved a chance to start over in another town, no matter how difficult it might prove to be. What happens when people are living on the edge -- barely able to survive –- and an unexpected emergency arises? What happens if they can't pay their heating or electric bill because of extreme temperatures? What happens if their children get sick? What happens if they get sick? Starting over can be very hard -- especially for people who don't have family or financial resources to draw from in an emergency. That's why I'm writing to you today. Through your financial support, you've already demonstrated that you want to help genuinely needy people begin anew. So, I'd like to give you one more way to make a difference: The Salvation Army Care Card. Although it can't be used to make purchases or withdraw money from an ATM, the value of this Card could be immeasurable -- for the person whose life it might change. Here's how it works: Simply detach the Care Card from the top of this letter and keep it handy. Then, if you know of or come across someone who needs our help, please give the card to him or her. It shows our address and phone number in Indianapolis, but through our Service Extension Office, we can put the person in contact with the volunteer representative in Clinton County. We'll welcome their call and do our best to help them through the difficult time, so they can get on with their lives. And just as important, I invite you to renew your partnership with The Salvation Army by sending a contribution, once again, today. Your donation of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted. Thank you for your continued financial support, and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand. God bless you for your compassion and kindness. Blessings, Jack C. Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER P.S. Your gift today will help us care for struggling families, hungry children, and lonely and needy senior citizens right here in this community.  March 16, 2000 Name Address City, ST, Zip Dear Names, "Amazing grace! How sweet the sound..." The words of this familiar hymn have echoed through churches all across the globe for over 200years. Grace is sometimes defined as undeserved favor. Have you ever stopped to consider how grace is given to people? I like to think of The Salvation Army as a place of grace --where individuals and families find love and help in their time of need, regardless of the situations that bring them to us! ...Men and women struggling with addictions find healing, forgiveness and the chance to make a new start in life... families living from paycheck to paycheck find comfort, food and emergency assistance... and underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals and participate in special activities. God's grace is found in His forgiveness and unconditional love. In turn, we have the opportunity to extend that grace to others by meeting their physical and spiritual needs with kindness and compassion. Here at The Salvation Army, this is our continuous goal. Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown grace... when someone reached out to you with answers you couldn't find yourself. Or perhaps a specific person comes to mind --such as a sister, a grandfather or a daughter --whose life is characterized by grace. When I think of grace, I am reminded of the many Salvation Army officers and employees who selflessly dedicate their lives to the poor and brokenhearted. In my years of working with The Salvation Army, I've seen grace transform the lives of many people. Often, those who come to us for help have exhausted all other resources. But the love, assistance and guidance that we offer them hope for a better tomorrow. 
